so I just got back from running errands
you guys and of course I had to make a
stop at my favorite place which is
coffee bean and if you guys don't know
this is my favorite drink to order it's
the iced green tea lemonade and today
the lady asked me a really really good
question and she is like do you want an
extra large how could I say no
didn't know extra large even existed in
all of coffee bean history but I'm so
happy then I got an extra large don't
judge me
while I was out driving I was thinking
you know a really cool video to do would
be a what's in my bag on days where I'm
running around town especially la la is
such a busy huge city with traffic and
you're bound to be gone from your house
for hours on end so I wanted to do a
video on what's in my bag for days like
today where I was out running errands
and I was away from the home for a good
amount of time and this ladies and
gentlemen is my go-to bad when it comes
to running errands it might be days
where I have to go to the post office to
ship things out from blog sales or ship
things to family members or giveaways or
things like that
but today it was a day where I went to
my eye doctor I'm meeting like did a
whole bunch of like things where I was
gonna be out so this is kind of like my
life and everything that I just have to
have with me fluor pretty much the whole
entire day so this bag as you guys know
from previous videos on this channel is
the Louboutin never full GM this bag is
massive and that's why I like to use it
on days like today if you guys want to
know more actual details about this
purse like the style the pricing where I
got it when I think about it and how I
chose this purse then head on down to
the down bar and check out my initial
review on this bag but if you guys look
at it it's ginormous
stop pick it's great so yeah let's just
dive on in and start showing you guys
like I have my bag so the first thing is
a sweater and California we have sweater
weather pretty much all year round it
gets cooler in the evenings so I always
tend to have a sweater with me I do keep
sweaters and jackets and other clothes
in the trunk of my car my trunk in my
car is like a closet so
I just always have clothes but today I
have a sweater from brandy melville just
a loose cardigan don't think anyone
leaves their house without their wallet
I mean you have to have your driver's
license your credit cards and your cash
well I don't ever have cash but I
recently just cleaned out my wallet so
I'm pretty sure I'm proud of myself
it is not junky at all this right here
is my eye prescription like I said I was
running errands today so I need to have
that on me usually it's filed away in my
file cabinet I have all of my beauty
reward cards places like Ulta Sephora
Sally's my business cards I tend to hand
those out pretty often change four
parking meters and I always keep this
with me this is actually my dog tag from
my baby
Brielle who passed away a little while
back and I just kept this for some
reason I just felt like it was the only
piece of him I had left blah blah blah
cards and stuff like that the actual
wallet is from Michael Kors I'm not the
type of person you guys to buy wallets
to match every purse that someone owns I
have only one wallet and this is it
right here it's just black with gold
hardware and I love it I think it's a
really great wallet it's one of those
zipper ones so I feel like nothing's
ever gonna come out and I just I like
this followed a lot of course I have to
have my camera for vlogging purposes you
guys know i vlog every single day on my
vlog channel aka all times too and this
is like an essential I don't leave my
house I keep whacking myself with this
string thing but I don't leave my house
you guys look out my camera because off
to capture moments for you guys and I'm
the kind of vlogger that doesn't censor
herself you know like I'm always with my
friends I'll vlog us at the bar I'll
vlog aside party who really cares you
know life is short so you have to vlog
it that's what I always say just kidding
I just said that once and that was right
now I don't typically have this in here
but it's from the eye doctor like I said
running errands so I have to keep this
until I go back to pick up my glasses
car keys
and house keys and mailbox key and key
fob to get into my community this is a
another louboutin piece that I have I
don't actually have a whole video on
this I never really got around to making
every of you but if you guys would still
like that then you can request it in the
comments below but I typically will use
this as a smaller wallet on the go
because is attached to my keys so let's
say I'm running into target really fast
I mean I told him to bring a purse then
I'll just stuff my ID and my bank card
in here and just take this with my phone
I don't actually know why this is in
here I guess I've been using this as a
hand cream because it's a really small
tube compared to my huge tubes of lotion
but the only reason I have this is
because I was using it on my tattoos so
I was always carrying around this stuff
to put on my tattoo so we didn't try it
out and get itchy but I can actually put
that away now and this is my favorite
one of my top two favorite scents from
Victoria's Secret and it's the Dare
fragrance mist I'm the kind of person
you guys that has to have body spray or
perfume with them all the time so I love
body sprays because they're a lighter
version of perfume and they're just
really really nice and fresh and this
particular scent is very spring and
summer like so if you guys are on the
hunt for new fragrance gently recommend
getting this for sure in your little
body fragrance collection I'll show you
guys I don't leave my house without
makeup you never really know where
you're gonna end up or what might come
up during the day so I have to have my
essential products for on-the-go use I'm
probably gonna end up splitting this
video into two parts and doing a whole
video on what's in my makeup bag for
on-the-go but I will go into detail on
everything that's inside of here just to
save you guys a little bit of time for
today and then inside this bag you can
see there's really only one one pocket
and it's a zipper pocket so I tend to
keep my more delicate things and they're
things that I like to get more easy
access to that being said I'd have to
have sunglasses these are my ray-bans
and I love these of course they are
prescribed so I can actually see through
them but they're my favorites because
little aviators and they have great
lenses on them so I have those thing I
have a phone what person doesn't leave
their house without a phone and actually
have my wildflower case on it this was
the limited-edition one and I love that
you guys because it has the silver stud
detail I recently put this lid back on
my phone and they have a message let me
know by thudding up this video if you
want me to do a what's on my iPhone 5s
because I have yet to do that video and
I think it would be fun to go through
the apps and stuff that I have I have a
necklace I just stuffed this in my purse
because it was in my car cup holder but
it's one of my favorites it's just a
triangle use gum mints essentials for
everyday and then I have some lip balm
in that pouch so that is everything
that's inside of my bag so I'm gonna go
ahead and film me what's in my makeup
bag so make sure you guys come on back
to the channel in another day I upload
every other day on this channel so come
back to see what's in my makeup bag and
my essentials for all of that and I'll
see you guys next time and thanks so
much for watching bye guys